docs: fix install instructions docker (#5213)
jina-ai/jina: docs/index.md

```
````

> Now that you’re set up, let’s create a project, and start a project to serve:

Reviewer: I think this part was fine before. Doesn't need a change

Author: then propose to remove and I can add it in the batch

Author: Done

````{tab} In host
```shell
jina new hello-jina
cd hello-jina
jina flow --uses flow.yml
```
````
````{tab} Inside Docker
```shell
docker run -it --entrypoint=/bin/bash jinaai/jina:latest -p 54321:54321
jina new hello-jina
cd hello-jina
jina flow --uses flow.yml
```
````

> Run the client in your machine and observe the result from your terminal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run the client on your machine and observe the results from your terminal.
```
